Koba-Yashi thought it was dangerous, but he didn't come out of the front, but came out from behind.
He ran away, even if the middle line fell.
He came back from the other side, where the fire was.
Chiba Saburo-hei has a spear.
What?
He is a small child of the To family.
If you are a man, you should be called by your name.
This was a little difficult for Koba-Yashi.
He himself doesn't say that he is a small child.
What is that?
Please look at the water.
It's a middle line.
He is a small child of the To family.
He is a small child of himself.
If you are a man, you should be called by your name.
Koba-Yashi became Koba-Yashi.
He ran to the place where Chiba Saburo-hei was.
He was a young man.
Koba-Yashi, who was a second-class man, helped his father and was called by his name.
Please forgive him.
Unlike Takeda-Yashi, he was a young man.
He was a young man.
I was not satisfied with Koba-Yashi and I went to Horibe.
The three of them who had been going to Heihachi-ro before,
They were not helping Yasube.
They were all in a bad mood.
Koba-Yashi, Heihachi-ro and Horibe Yasube were in a bad mood.
They were both trying to get a little more money.
Koba-Yashi, who had a chance to go to Horibe,
Heihachi-ro's right leg slipped into the freezing snow.
The man who was tired of the mess of the three of them,
He was a little more tired than Koba-Yashi.
When he fell into the snow,
He was able to get Koba-Yashi and Heihachi-ro to Horibe Yasube.
At this time, the man who was tired of the mess of the three of them,
When he was about to give up the first move,
Torii Riemon, who was in a bad mood,
He took the spear and went to the back of the big stone.
He opened the door of the stone that he had taken out.
He was called the master and called out his name.
Torii Riemon, who was a man of the stone,
He took the spear that the man of the stone had given out and went to the back of the stone.
The big stone that was facing the stone was quite solid.
Torii Riemon's spear went through the stone and hit the stone.